# [Team Name]
This following is a very simple team meeting template. You should expand it based on the scope and nature of your discussion.

## Team Meeting [1] - Week [8] - [2025-04-22] (18：30-20：00)
**Absent:0
<br>
**Lead/scribe:Larry Wang u7807744

## Agreed Procedure
Stand up Procedure:
- Discuss the feature design based on checkpoint 1 feedback from tutors.
- Discuss the search function and logging function design.
- Progress, Technical challenges and dependencies are discussed collaboratively.
- Action items are assigned based on current priorities and workload.


## Agenda Items
| Number |                                        Item |
|:-------|--------------------------------------------:|
| [1]    |          [checkpoint 1 feedback discussion] |
| [2]    |                          [Progress Updates] |
| [3]    | [Feature Development and Design Discussion] |
| [4]    |      [Task Allocation and Meeting Planning] |

## Meeting Minutes
- [Summary of the progress reports, discussions, decisions, and matters to be confirmed from the meeting.]

### Report - Summary of progresses
- Team: Discuss the new UI for admin, search function and log design.

### Discussions
- Nanxuan Xie & Larry Wang: Discussed how to get more information via a Latitude and longitude coordinate.
- Weimiao Sun: Raised concerns about tokenizer and parser implement.
- Whole team : Discussed search function and the implement of tokenizer and parser.
- Whole team : Discussed how to simulate user interaction for data loading and updates, especially concerning admin approvals and user notifications.
- Weimiao Sun & Nanxuan Xie: Also discussed JSON and GSON in data storage usage.
- Eden Tian: Discussed changes to the Admin UI, and explain future changes plan.
- Yudong Qiu: Raised the question about testing.
- Yudong Qiu: app adaptability changes for different screen sizes (horizontal and vertical).
- Eden Tian : Discussed adjust the button jump on the Setting page.


### Summary of decisions
-  Weimiao Sun will focus on completing the user and report data storage, deletion, and modification functionalities.
-  Nanxuan Xie will work on integrating logging for user and report modifications.
-  The other team member will work on the settings page button transitions, map integration and so on.


### Risks
- The dimensions of testing need more consideration.
- Log design need more consideration.


## Action Items
| Task                                                                                      |  Assigned To  | Due Date |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------:|:--------:|
| [Complete the modifications of adaptability changes for different screen size.]           | [Yudong Qiu]  | [27/04]  |
| [Complete UI modifications for the Admin interface, and button jumping.]                  |  [Eden Tian]  | [27/04]  |
| [Complete map information integration, and GPS integration]                               | [Larry Wang]  | [27/04]  |
| [Complete the user and report data storage, deletion, and modification functionalities. ] | [Weimiao Sun] | [27/04]  |
| [Review all the commits, and work on search function and log.]                            | [Nanxuan Xie] | [27/04]  |



## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will scribe in this and the next meeting.

| Name        |
|-------------|
| Nanxuan Xie |
| Yudong Qiu  |
| Weimiao Sun |
| Eden Tian   |
| Larry Wang  |
